en: delete docs about using kubectl apply to update tidb cluster configurations (#797)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/restart-a-tidb-cluster.md

## Performing a graceful rolling restart to all Pods in a component

> Refer to [Deploy TiDB on general Kubernetes](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md) and modify the `${cluster_name}/tidb-cluster.yaml` file by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Deploy TiDB on general Kubernetes](deploy-on-general-kubernetes.md) and modify the cluster configuration by running the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: emmm, this should be updated ...

Reviewer: emmmm yes... I just forgot. fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/pull/800
